README.md, before:

![](jodtinycube.png) [`jod` README](http://bakerjd99.wordpress.com/the-jod-page/)
============

This repository contains distributed [J language](http://www.jsoftware.com/) 
[JOD addon](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/Addons/general/jod) source code.
More information about JOD is available on [The JOD Page](http://bakerjd99.wordpress.com/the-jod-page/).

The directories [`jod`](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/tree/master/jod) and 
[`jodsource`](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/tree/master/jodsource) contain
the J addon code distributed by [JAL](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/JAL/User%20Guide) in the
[`jod`](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/Addons/general/jod) and 
[`jodsource`](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/Addons/general/jodsource) addons.

JOD addon code is "compressed": whitespace and comments have been removed
and *safe local identifiers* have been reduced to single characters. Compression
significantly reduces the size of code at the expense of *readability.* To
make casual browsing of JOD code easy, *without building JOD dictionaries*, the 
directory [`jodijs`](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/tree/master/jodijs) contains
fully commented JOD source. `jodijs` is not distributed by JAL. 

John Baker
April 2, 2015

Commit message:

Reference JOD Jupyter Labs in README.md

README.md, after:

![](jodtinycube.png) [`jod` README](http://bakerjd99.wordpress.com/the-jod-page/)
================================================================================

This repository contains distributed [J language](http://www.jsoftware.com/) 
[JOD addon](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/Addons/general/jod) source code.
More information about JOD is available on [The JOD Page](http://bakerjd99.wordpress.com/the-jod-page/).

The directories [`jod`](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/tree/master/jod) and 
[`jodsource`](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/tree/master/jodsource) contain
the J addon code distributed by [JAL](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/JAL/User%20Guide) in the
[`jod`](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/Addons/general/jod) and 
[`jodsource`](http://www.jsoftware.com/jwiki/Addons/general/jodsource) addons.


You can get a "taste" of JOD by browsing the Jupyter notebooks.

1. [JOD Introduction Lab](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/blob/master/jodnotebooks/JOD%20Introduction%20Lab.ipynb)
2. [JOD Source Code Dump Scripts Lab](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/blob/master/jodnotebooks/JOD%20Source%20Code%20Dump%20Scripts%20Lab.ipynb)
3. [JOD Best Practices Lab](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/blob/master/jodnotebooks/JOD%20Best%20Practices%20Lab.ipynb)

JOD addon code is "compressed": whitespace and comments have been removed
and *safe local identifiers* have been reduced to single characters. Compression
significantly reduces the size of code at the expense of *readability.* To
make casual browsing of JOD code easy, *without building JOD dictionaries*, the 
directory [`jodijs`](https://github.com/bakerjd99/jod/tree/master/jodijs) contains
fully commented JOD source. `jodijs` is not distributed by JAL. 

John Baker
January 27, 2019
